I am Martin Miguel and I am applying for the Google Research Science
Internship for 2020. 

I am currently enrolled and three years into my PhD. I graduated with a
combined Bachelor + Master's degree in Computer Science at Universidad de
Buenos Aires in 2015 and continued into the Doctorate. My research topic is
developing models of cognition in time for exploring affect in music. My focus
is on having computational models of music cognition that integrate stimuli
over time and provide a certainty metric.

During my PhD I have worked in modeling beat expectation, the most basic
rhythmic expectation. We took from previous work and produced a model that
integrates information and provides a certainty metric. Later, we performed an
experiment to evaluate whether the model's certainty measure related to
cognition. We managed to assert positively that our model relates to cognition.
The results were presented in the meeting of the Society for Music Perception
and Cognition in August 2019. 

The next step is expanding the modeling to capture hierarchical expectations,
maintaining the focus on continuous evaluation and certainty. We are
interesting in approaching the problem with the use of Hierarchical Bayesian
Models. Their inference mechanic allows describing the hierarchical
understading of music and bayesian models naturaly provide a metric of
certainty. An alternative venue of interest is in transformer models. They 
have successfully been used to capture structure and long-time dependencies in
sequential data, but would need to be adapted to provide a certainty metric.

My approach to research has been question-centered and has turned me to
incorporate knowledge from areas outside computer science, such as experimental
psychology and neuroscience. I believe this makes my profile appealing to
Google AI as I posses the technical background for AI and the hands-on
experience for research that involves thinking about cognition and the design
of experiments.

Thank you in advance for reviewing my application.
