I am Martin Miguel and I am applying for the Google Research Internship for 2020. 

I graduated with a combined Bachelor + Master's degree in Computer Science at
Universidad de Buenos Aires in 2015. I have held various jobs as a software
engineer: I have developed mobile apps for BlackBerry, worked at two dot coms,
did an internship at Google and helped developing educational games for kids. I
have also held teaching positions regularly during my career.

I am currently enrolled and three years into my PhD, with two years left. 
During my Bachelor's, I became interested in doing research, using computer
science and AI models to understand how we interact with our world. More
specifically, I am interested in how we listen to music, can summarize
the repetitions and concepts that configure a song and how music suggests and
defies expectations to generate emotions. My interests are also broader, as
these questions and models also relate to other forms of communication, such as
speech and video.

My approach to research is question-driven, putting the question first to then
find the best tool or model to help answer it. This has led my work to be 
interdisciplinary, not only learning about computer science and machine
learning but also about psychology and how to perform experiments. My research
has included modifying existing computational models to measure expectations in
music and designing an experiment where I could measure such expectations to
validate my model's output relevance.

I am keen on interacting with new people from different disciplines to
understand and address new problems from novel perspectives. Such has been
required by my research question and has been nurtured at my workplace. 
At the Applied Artificial Intelligence Lab in the Computer Science Department
at UBA other aspects of cognition are worked at by applying ML models. For
example, tasks such as analyzing mental states with NLP or recognizing speakers
and pauses with deep nets in speech recordings are tackled. We are commonly
debating and helping with each other's projects. The team is also highly
interdisciplinary, containing physicists, biologists and linguists. The experience in 
lab has helped me develop hard and soft skills related to learning about new domains
both technical and problem-related.

Should you consider me, I hope to provide my skills, expertise and good will to
the development of novel and accurate solutions.

Thank you in advance for the opportunity.
Best regards, 
Martin Miguel